IRRESPONSIBLE PROMISE, CONSIDERING IT’S VERY DIFFERENT
CONSIDERING IT’S VERY DIFFERENT FROM WHAT HIS HEALTH TEAM IS
FROM WHAT HIS HEALTH TEAM IS SAYING.
SAYING. >> OF COURSE, WE DON’T KNOW
>> OF COURSE, WE DON’T KNOW EXACTLY WHY THE PRESIDENT WAS
EXACTLY WHY THE PRESIDENT WAS THROWN INTO A RAGE THIS MORNING
THROWN INTO A RAGE THIS MORNING WITH HIS REGULAR MORNING VIEWING
WITH HIS REGULAR MORNING VIEWING OF "MORNING JOE."
OF "MORNING JOE." MAYBE IT WAS BECAUSE WE BROUGHT
MAYBE IT WAS BECAUSE WE BROUGHT UP ON FEBRUARY 22nd, HE SAID
UP ON FEBRUARY 22nd, HE SAID THAT THIS PANDEMIC WAS JUST ONE
THAT THIS PANDEMIC WAS JUST ONE PERSON COMING IN FROM CHINA, AND
PERSON COMING IN FROM CHINA, AND IT WOULD MAGICALLY DISAPPEAR.
IT WOULD MAGICALLY DISAPPEAR. OR IN FEBRUARY HE SAID THE SAME
OR IN FEBRUARY HE SAID THE SAME THING.
THING. IN JANUARY, HE WAS PRAISING
IN JANUARY, HE WAS PRAISING PRESIDENT XI FOR BEING SO
PRESIDENT XI FOR BEING SO TRANSPARENT.
TRANSPARENT. OR IN MARCH HE SAID THIS WOULD
OR IN MARCH HE SAID THIS WOULD GO AWAY MAGICALLY IN APRIL
GO AWAY MAGICALLY IN APRIL WHICH, OF COURSE, MORE AMERICANS
WHICH, OF COURSE, MORE AMERICANS DIED.
DIED. >> ALSO COULD BE THAT HIS STAFF,
>> ALSO COULD BE THAT HIS STAFF, I MEAN, JUST AT THIS POINT,
I MEAN, JUST AT THIS POINT, EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT HE’S HAVING
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT HE’S HAVING THESE MELTDOWNS.
THESE MELTDOWNS. HE KNOWINGS HE’S HAVING THEM.
HE KNOWINGS HE’S HAVING THEM. HE’S READING ABOUT THEM, AND IT
HE’S READING ABOUT THEM, AND IT IS FREAKING HIM OUT, THAT PEOPLE
IS FREAKING HIM OUT, THAT PEOPLE ARE ACTUALLY NOT JUST COMPLETELY
ARE ACTUALLY NOT JUST COMPLETELY UNDER HIS COMMAND AND KEEPING
UNDER HIS COMMAND AND KEEPING EVERYTHING TIGHT AS IT PERTAINS
EVERYTHING TIGHT AS IT PERTAINS TO WHAT HAPPENS INSIDE THE OVAL
TO WHAT HAPPENS INSIDE THE OVAL OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> WELL, I THINK ALSO, WE SHOWED
>> WELL, I THINK ALSO, WE SHOWED SOME POLLS EARLY THIS MORNING
SOME POLLS EARLY THIS MORNING THAT HE’S ALWAYS DRIVEN CRAZY BY
THAT HE’S ALWAYS DRIVEN CRAZY BY POLLS.
POLLS. AGAIN, DON’T REALLY LINE UP WITH
AGAIN, DON’T REALLY LINE UP WITH THE FANTASY WORLD HE’S CREATED.
THE FANTASY WORLD HE’S CREATED. THIS IS A CBS NEWS/GENERAL
THIS IS A CBS NEWS/GENERAL ELECTION MATCHUP.
ELECTION MATCHUP. DONALD TRUMP LOSING BY SIX
DONALD TRUMP LOSING BY SIX POINTS TO JOE BIDEN.
POINTS TO JOE BIDEN. FAR MORE TROUBLING, I’M SURE,
FAR MORE TROUBLING, I’M SURE, FOR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, THIS
FOR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, THIS FROM THE "DAGGHL WILLSLLAS MORNI
FROM THE "DAGGHL WILLSLLAS MORNI SHOWING JOE BIDEN TIED WITH
SHOWING JOE BIDEN TIED WITH DONALD TRUMP IN TEXAS.
DONALD TRUMP IN TEXAS. FOLLOWING A POLL OF JOE BIDEN
FOLLOWING A POLL OF JOE BIDEN TIED WITH DONALD TRUMP IN
TIED WITH DONALD TRUMP IN GEORGIA.
GEORGIA. ROUTED IN SWING STATES AND AMONG
ROUTED IN SWING STATES AND AMONG SENIOR.
SENIOR. WE ALSO SAW, KASIE HUNT, A
WE ALSO SAW, KASIE HUNT, A SERIES OF ARTICLES THIS WEEKEND
SERIES OF ARTICLES THIS WEEKEND TALKING ABOUT REPUBLICANS,
TALKING ABOUT REPUBLICANS, FINALLY AFTER THREE AND A HALF
FINALLY AFTER THREE AND A HALF YEARS, NOT SOCIALLY DISTANCING
YEARS, NOT SOCIALLY DISTANCING FROM DONALD TRUMP BUT
FROM DONALD TRUMP BUT POLITICALLY DISTANCING FROM
POLITICALLY DISTANCING FROM DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. LOOK AT MARTHA McSALLY IN
LOOK AT MARTHA McSALLY IN ARIZONA.
ARIZONA. MOST CONSIDER HER RACE LOST.
MOST CONSIDER HER RACE LOST. SUSAN COLLINS IN MAINE.
SUSAN COLLINS IN MAINE. MOST CONSIDER HER RACE LOST.
MOST CONSIDER HER RACE LOST. YOU LOOK AT THE COLORADO RACE.
YOU LOOK AT THE COLORADO RACE. THAT LOOKS LIKE THAT ONE IS
THAT LOOKS LIKE THAT ONE IS LOST.
LOST. MITCH McCONNELL IS ACTUALLY
MITCH McCONNELL IS ACTUALLY GOING TO BE FIGHTING FOR HIS
GOING TO BE FIGHTING FOR HIS POLITICAL LIFE.
POLITICAL LIFE. HE KNOWS IT, EVEN IF PEOPLE
HE KNOWS IT, EVEN IF PEOPLE AROUND HIM SUGGEST HE IS GOING
AROUND HIM SUGGEST HE IS GOING TO BE JUST FINE.
TO BE JUST FINE. NORTH CAROLINA, THE SAME THING
NORTH CAROLINA, THE SAME THING WITH TOM TILLIS.
WITH TOM TILLIS. HE’S IN THE RACE FOR HIS LIFE.
HE’S IN THE RACE FOR HIS LIFE. THESE REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE
THESE REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE EMBRACED DONALD TRUMP FOR SO
EMBRACED DONALD TRUMP FOR SO LONG, NOW FIND THEMSELVES IN A
LONG, NOW FIND THEMSELVES IN A POSITION WHERE THEY’RE HAVING TO
POSITION WHERE THEY’RE HAVING TO POLITICALLY DISTANCE.
POLITICALLY DISTANCE. TALK ABOUT THAT, IF YOU WILL,
TALK ABOUT THAT, IF YOU WILL, AND HOW DIFFICULT IS THAT GOING
AND HOW DIFFICULT IS THAT GOING TO BE FOR A LOT OF THESE
TO BE FOR A LOT OF THESE SENATORS WHO EMBRACED HIM FOR
SENATORS WHO EMBRACED HIM FOR THREE AND A HALF YEARS?
THREE AND A HALF YEARS? >> Reporter: JOE, IT’S HARD TO
>> Reporter: JOE, IT’S HARD TO IMAGINE A WORSE-CASE SCENARIO,
IMAGINE A WORSE-CASE SCENARIO, OBVIOUSLY FOR THE COUNTRY AND
OBVIOUSLY FOR THE COUNTRY AND THE TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
THE TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE DIED.
WHO HAVE DIED. BUT IF YOU’RE A REPUBLICAN
BUT IF YOU’RE A REPUBLICAN TRYING TO DEFEND THIS
TRYING TO DEFEND THIS PRESIDENT’S HANDLING OF THIS,
PRESIDENT’S HANDLING OF THIS, CONSIDERING THE FACTS AT HAND
CONSIDERING THE FACTS AT HAND AND WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT HOW HIS
AND WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT HOW HIS ADMINISTRATION HANDLED OR HOW HE
ADMINISTRATION HANDLED OR HOW HE HANDLED THIS PANDEMIC IN ITS
HANDLED THIS PANDEMIC IN ITS EARLY STAGINGS, AND YOU PLAYED
EARLY STAGINGS, AND YOU PLAYED ALL OF THE THINGS THIS MORNING
ALL OF THE THINGS THIS MORNING THAT HE HAS SAID ABOUT THIS,
THAT HE HAS SAID ABOUT THIS, ABOUT HOW IT WAS GOING TO GO
ABOUT HOW IT WAS GOING TO GO AWAY, IT WAS ONLY A HANDLE OF
AWAY, IT WAS ONLY A HANDLE OF CASES.
CASES. THIS WAS NOT SOMETHING PEOPLE
THIS WAS NOT SOMETHING PEOPLE NEEDED TO WORRY ABOUT.
NEEDED TO WORRY ABOUT. ALL OF A SUDDEN, IF YOU’RE
ALL OF A SUDDEN, IF YOU’RE TRYING TO RUN FOR RE-ELECTION IN
TRYING TO RUN FOR RE-ELECTION IN ONE OF THE WORST ENVIRONMENTS,
ONE OF THE WORST ENVIRONMENTS, IF NOT THE WORST ENVIRONMENT IN
IF NOT THE WORST ENVIRONMENT IN MODERN POLITICAL HISTORY,
MODERN POLITICAL HISTORY, DEPENDING WHERE WE ARE IN
DEPENDING WHERE WE ARE IN NOVEMBER, IF THE ECONOMY IS STIL
NOVEMBER, IF THE ECONOMY IS STIL AND, YOU KNOW, MILLIONS OF
AND, YOU KNOW, MILLIONS OF PEOPLE, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
PEOPLE, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE, ARE UNMYOED.
PEOPLE, ARE UNMYOED. UNEMPLOYED.
UNEMPLOYED. THIS IS A SITUATION THAT IS
THIS IS A SITUATION THAT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO NAVIGATE
ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO NAVIGATE BECAUSE THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE
BECAUSE THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE AND WE’VE SEEN SOME OF THEM IN
AND WE’VE SEEN SOME OF THEM IN THESE PICTURES IN THESE
THESE PICTURES IN THESE PROTESTS, WHO ARE GOING TO BE
PROTESTS, WHO ARE GOING TO BE WITH THE PRESIDENT, NO MATTER
WITH THE PRESIDENT, NO MATTER WHAT.
WHAT. BUT THE BROAD SWATH OF AMERICA,
BUT THE BROAD SWATH OF AMERICA, THAT WAS DISENGAGED BEFORE, OR
THAT WAS DISENGAGED BEFORE, OR TURNED OFF BY THE NASTINESS OF
TURNED OFF BY THE NASTINESS OF POLITICS IS SUDDENLY -- THEY’RE
POLITICS IS SUDDENLY -- THEY’RE AT HOME ON THEIR COUCHES.
AT HOME ON THEIR COUCHES. THEY WERE TURNING ON THOSE
THEY WERE TURNING ON THOSE BRIEFINGS.
BRIEFINGS. THEY ARE WATCHING THE NEWS.
THEY ARE WATCHING THE NEWS. THEY ARE LOOKING AT WHAT THE
THEY ARE LOOKING AT WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS SAYING AND
PRESIDENT IS SAYING AND THINKING, REALLY?
THINKING, REALLY? SO, SUDDENLY, THOSE PEOPLE ARE
SO, SUDDENLY, THOSE PEOPLE ARE IN PLAY AS VOTERS.
IN PLAY AS VOTERS. AND IF YOU’RE A REPUBLICAN WHO,
AND IF YOU’RE A REPUBLICAN WHO, YOU KNOW, RISKS GETTING ATTACKED
YOU KNOW, RISKS GETTING ATTACKED AND LOSING YOUR BASE IF YOU SAY
AND LOSING YOUR BASE IF YOU SAY SOMETHING AGAINST THIS PRESIDENT
SOMETHING AGAINST THIS PRESIDENT BUT YOU HAVE TO GO HOME AND FACE
BUT YOU HAVE TO GO HOME AND FACE ALL OF THESE NEWLY ENGAGED,
ALL OF THESE NEWLY ENGAGED, REALLY SWING VOTERS WHO ARE
REALLY SWING VOTERS WHO ARE THINKING, YOU KNOW, MY
THINKING, YOU KNOW, MY GRANDFATHER OR MY GREAT AUNT,
GRANDFATHER OR MY GREAT AUNT, MY, YOU KNOW, DAUGHTER WAS
MY, YOU KNOW, DAUGHTER WAS AFFECTED BY THIS.
AFFECTED BY THIS. THIS IS TOUCHING PEOPLE’S LIVES
THIS IS TOUCHING PEOPLE’S LIVES IN A WAY THAT NOTHING ELSE CAN.
IN A WAY THAT NOTHING ELSE CAN. AND, YOU KNOW, I THINK FROM A
AND, YOU KNOW, I THINK FROM A BIG-PICTURE STANDPOINT, AS WELL,
BIG-PICTURE STANDPOINT, AS WELL, YOU KNOW, THOSE OF US IN THIS --
YOU KNOW, THOSE OF US IN THIS -- IN THIS BUSINESS WHO, YOU KNOW,
IN THIS BUSINESS WHO, YOU KNOW, WATCH THESE THINGS UNFOLD AND
WATCH THESE THINGS UNFOLD AND LEARN LESSONS FROM THINGS THAT
LEARN LESSONS FROM THINGS THAT HAVE HAPPEN BFRD ANDED BEFORE AN
HAVE HAPPEN BFRD ANDED BEFORE AN THEM TO THE FUTURE.
THEM TO THE FUTURE. THAT’S ALL WELL AND GOOD FOR THE
THAT’S ALL WELL AND GOOD FOR THE MOST PART.
MOST PART. BUT THIS IS A KIND OF
BUT THIS IS A KIND OF CATACLYSMIC EVENT THAT STANDS TO
CATACLYSMIC EVENT THAT STANDS TO RESHAPE OUR POLITICS COMPLETELY.
RESHAPE OUR POLITICS COMPLETELY. AND I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT THAT
AND I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT THAT WE ALL REMEMBER THAT AS WE MOVE
WE ALL REMEMBER THAT AS WE MOVE FORWARD INTO THIS ELECTION
FORWARD INTO THIS ELECTION BECAUSE THIS REALLY IS GOING TO
BECAUSE THIS REALLY IS GOING TO BE AN ENORMOUS PIVOT POINT IN
BE AN ENORMOUS PIVOT POINT IN HISTORY AND IT’S GOING TO
HISTORY AND IT’S GOING TO DRAMATICALLY AFFECT THE
DRAMATICALLY AFFECT THE POLITICAL FORTUNES AND FUTURES,
POLITICAL FORTUNES AND FUTURES, ESPECIALLY THOSE TIED TO THE
ESPECIALLY THOSE TIED TO THE PARTY THAT’S IN POWER RIGHT NOW.
PARTY THAT’S IN POWER RIGHT NOW. >> AND, AGAIN, AS WE’VE BEEN
>> AND, AGAIN, AS WE’VE BEEN SAYING FOR WEEKS, MAYBE EVEN
SAYING FOR WEEKS, MAYBE EVEN MONTHS, I DON’T REMEMBER EXACTLY
MONTHS, I DON’T REMEMBER EXACTLY HOW LONG IT’S BEEN.
HOW LONG IT’S BEEN. BUT SENIOR CITIZENS ARE BREAKING
BUT SENIOR CITIZENS ARE BREAKING AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP IN
AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP IN FLORIDA.
FLORIDA. BREAKING AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP
BREAKING AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP IN PENNSYLVANIA.
IN PENNSYLVANIA. AND THEY’RE BREAKING AWAY FROM
AND THEY’RE BREAKING AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP IN FLORIDA AND
DONALD TRUMP IN FLORIDA AND PENNSYLVANIA, A TEN-POINT LEAD
PENNSYLVANIA, A TEN-POINT LEAD FOR JOE BIDEN IN -- IN FLORIDA.
FOR JOE BIDEN IN -- IN FLORIDA. AND A SEVEN-POINT LEAD IN
AND A SEVEN-POINT LEAD IN PENNSYLVANIA.
PENNSYLVANIA. SENIORS ARE BREAKING AWAY FROM
SENIORS ARE BREAKING AWAY FROM DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE HE LIES TO
DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE HE LIES TO THEM ON TELEVISION, AND THEN
THEM ON TELEVISION, AND THEN THEY GO TO THEIR DOCTOR.
THEY GO TO THEIR DOCTOR. AND THEIR DOCTOR, WHATO THEY’VE
AND THEIR DOCTOR, WHATO THEY’VE KNOWN FOR 25 YEARS, WARNS THEM
KNOWN FOR 25 YEARS, WARNS THEM NOT TO FOLLOW THAT ADVICE.
NOT TO FOLLOW THAT ADVICE. YOU CAN LIE ABOUT ROBERT
YOU CAN LIE ABOUT ROBERT MUELLER.
MUELLER. YOU CAN LIE ABOUT UKRAINE AND
YOU CAN LIE ABOUT UKRAINE AND AMERICANS.
AMERICANS. THAT DOESN’T AFFECT AMERICANS.
THAT DOESN’T AFFECT AMERICANS. THEY’LL BE LIKE I’M GONNA STICK
THEY’LL BE LIKE I’M GONNA STICK WITH HIM.
WITH HIM. I’M BUSY.
I’M BUSY. I GOT TO WORK.
I GOT TO WORK. I GOT TO WORRY ABOUT MY KIDS.
I GOT TO WORRY ABOUT MY KIDS. I GOT TO WORRY ABOUT BEING ABLE
I GOT TO WORRY ABOUT BEING ABLE TO PAY MY KIDS’ WAY THROUGH
TO PAY MY KIDS’ WAY THROUGH SCHOOL.
SCHOOL. BUT THIS HITS FAR CLOSER TO HOME
BUT THIS HITS FAR CLOSER TO HOME AND THAT, YOU KNOW, THAT IS
AND THAT, YOU KNOW, THAT IS PROBLEM.
PROBLEM. AND THAT IS WHY REPUBLICANS FEEL
AND THAT IS WHY REPUBLICANS FEEL THE NEED TO POLITICALLY
THE NEED TO POLITICALLY DISTANCE.
DISTANCE. SOME REPUBLICANS.
SOME REPUBLICANS. CERTAINLY, IN THE SWING STATES,